
<p>
Most people in this world have recognized Shakira, whose full name is <a href="http://www.iomoio.com/index.php?pid=3140" class="urlextern" title="http://www.iomoio.com/index.php?pid=3140"  rel="nofollow">Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll</a>, as a Columbian Latin pop singer and songwriter. She is also generally known as the sensation of Latin music due to her fabulous songs and her sensational belly dancing.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Shakira is really a quite talented girl. At the age of eight, she was writing and composing music. And by the age of thirteen, Shakira was turn into a regional celebrity who had a lucky opportunity encounter with Sony Columbia executive, Ciro Vargas, on a flight from Barranquilla to Bogota.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Just after that, Shakira got her first record handle the firm and was released her debut album known as Magia (Magic) in 1991. The album, which lacked recording and production cohesion, failed to sell more than 1 thousand copies. Immediately after that time, Shakira decided to take a break from recording and graduate from high college.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;In 1995, Shakira returned towards the music scene together with the album known as Pies Descalzos (Bare Feet), which solidified her commercial achievement by promoting over 5 million copies worldwide. And in the years soon after, her profession is flying away like a meteor to the leading on the globe. Later, she quickly becomes the sensation of <a href="http://www.iomoio.com/index.php?pid=3140" class="urlextern" title="http://www.iomoio.com/index.php?pid=3140"  rel="nofollow">Latin music </a>and she introduces belly dancing for the whole world.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;In 2001, <a href="http://www.iomoio.com/index.php?pid=3140" class="urlextern" title="http://www.iomoio.com/index.php?pid=3140"  rel="nofollow">Shakira</a> started perform on a crossover album to the English language. Laundry Service is thought of to become her initial album in English. Laundry Service would at some point go on to sell much more than 13 million CDs worldwide, and produces such hits as Whenever Wherever, Underneath Your Garments, Te Dejo Madrid (I Leave You Madrid), Objection (Tango), and also the A single. Later on, the commercial results of her English album had continued by the years to come. Shakira is now at present engaged for the son of former president of Argentina, Fernando de la Rua.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
</p>
