
<p>
&lt;br /&gt;“Christian Rock”, a title generally scoffed at by standard rock artists, fans &amp; critics alike is gaining popularity and stamping its place as a sort after genre for the young generation of head-banging, mosh-pitting gurus! Didn&#039;t Christian rock die a couple of years ago, you ask? Christian rock music is growing faster than ever before with Daily News of Christian Rock Music, new artists &amp; albums streaming across the Internet and pumping the airways continuously every day. So where did this God Rock come from? I mean this is new right?&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;This type of rock music wasn&#039;t around 20 years ago, was it? Well I didn&#039;t think so until recently, the reality is Christian music or should I say <a href="http://www.legalsoundz.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.legalsoundz.com"  rel="nofollow">Christian rock music</a> has been around apparently from the dawn of creation! So why seeing it today all the time? Where were they hiding and what happened to the voice of damnation for those participating in anything other than a church hymn or Sunday school choir? Well the chastity belt of today&#039;s Christian rock is alive and well. There are many religious organizations who oppose this form of music, I will talk more about this opposition later.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Most Christians are in favor of this “movement” feeling that Christian rock music is another way to reach people with the importance of the Christian faith. So why the controversy?, what is so different about <a href="http://www.legalsoundz.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.legalsoundz.com"  rel="nofollow">Non-Christian rock music </a>in comparison to Christian rock? Many have asked this question and instead of quoting Mr. Bob Dylan “the answer is blowing in the wind”, I thought I would look into this more closely and check out the facts and see why there is so much “opposition” to the sounds of “thumping grace”. After reviewing many rock &amp; heavy metal music bands and performances and then compared them to their Christian counterparts, I did see differences but not many! The stage performance was very similar with the exception of Non-Christian heavy metal revealing more of a dark or sadistic side at times in general there was little if any change in production or presentation from Christian rock to standard or Non-Christian music. The only real difference I could find was the lyrical content, with Christian rock music quoting words from the Bible and preaching family values.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;So why was Christian rock music inward for so many years, seemingly hiding in the shadows from more conservative members of the Christian community? Well apparently they weren&#039;t seeking refuge in some dark cave at all, it&#039;s just that I like many people didn&#039;t even know they were around back then! Good old fashioned Christian rock bands like Petra, Stryper, Bloodgood, <a href="http://www.legalsoundz.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.legalsoundz.com"  rel="nofollow">Whitecross</a> and Tourniquet have been rocking Christians and secular music lovers alike for generations.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;The voice of rock damnation is still screaming louder than ever in some Christian circles although seemingly falling on deaf ears of a Christian Rocker community that grows bigger every day. Who opposes this Christian liberation? Who else but other Christians! It seems some segments of who have not advanced to modern day sounds are Bible bashing these Christian rock music enthusiasts with eternal consequences for their “lack of understanding”. The most dramatic example I came across was the seventh day adventist (SDA) church who proclaim that Christian rock music is quote “Devil music”. The SDA church preach that all rock music has the “beat of the devil” borrowed from primitive heathen rituals, beating in time with the body&#039;s “natural rhythms”. I found it hard to understand that anyone could think this way at first, but indeed it is true and they are very serious about stamping out any and all rock music, or anything for that matter that has a drum beat!&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
</p>
