
<p>
Researching Your Article
</p>

<p>
Unless you&#039;re already an established expert on the topic - or unless you&#039;re writing a rant or an opinion piece - you&#039;ll probably need to first do some research on the topic of your article.
Let me say this: There&#039;s a right way and a wrong way to complete this step. Here&#039;s the number one wrong way to do it…
</p>

<p>
Finding one other article on the topic and basically “spinning” this article. That means changing a few words around, perhaps swapping out some of the words with synonyms, maybe tweaking the introduction… and so on.
</p>

<p>
Here are the main problems:
</p>
<pre class="code">  The biggest problem with this method is that you&#039;re likely plagiarizing someone else&#039;s content, which can land you in a heap of legal trouble.</pre>
<pre class="code">  The second problem is that your article isn&#039;t unique. It&#039;s just another ho-hum &quot;me too&quot; article. And that&#039;s no way to establish yourself as an expert.</pre>
<pre class="code">  Yet another problem is that this article could be just plain wrong. And thus you&#039;ll look like an idiot if you start spreading these wrong facts and ideas.</pre>

<p>
Point is, don&#039;t do it.
</p>

<p>
Instead, research your article following these tips…
</p>

<p>
Use Reputable Sources. Just run a search for your keywords (like “dog training”) in Google, and you&#039;ll see that pretty much anyone can post information online. Unfortunately, some of this information is just plain wrong or misinformed.
</p>

<p>
That&#039;s why you need to stick with using reputable sources from authority sites or from other known experts in your niche. For example, if you&#039;re looking up information for a health article, then use sources like WebMd.com and the Mayo Clinic site. Or you can go directly to an expert in the niche, such as Dr. Oz.
</p>

<p>
TIP: Wikipedia is usually a good source, simply because most articles point to academic or scientific sources you can check to verify the information. However, anyone can edit a Wikipedia page, so don&#039;t use any of the information without first verifying it independently on other reputable sites.
</p>

<p>
You can also check:
</p>
<pre class="code">  Encyclopedias (either online or offline).
  News sites, like CNN, MSN, Associated Press, Reuters, ABC news and so on.
  Scientific or academic journals. (Tip: Some of these journals only print abstracts online, so you may have to go to a college library to get the full article.)</pre>

<p>
… And similar sites.
</p>

<p>
Use Multiple Sources. Don&#039;t depend on just one source for your information. You can get additional insights as well as an in-depth look at the topic by using multiple reputable sources. Use a minimum of three sources, but using a half a dozen or more is better.
</p>

<p>
Put Your Sources Away When You&#039;re Writing. Once you&#039;ve done all your research, close your sources before you start writing. That way you&#039;re writing about the topic in your own words, without inadvertently swiping someone else&#039;s work.
</p>

<p>
Reprinted with permission from <a href="http://www.writing-online.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.writing-online.com"  rel="nofollow">Writing-Online.com</a>
</p>
