
<p>
Buying a computer for your office needs can be a bit scary for most business owners.&lt;br /&gt;What size do I need? What does it need to have? Can any computer do? These questions will need to be answered prior to purchase.&lt;br /&gt;Here are some tips to make sure you get the right computer for your business.&lt;br /&gt;Know What You Need&lt;br /&gt;If your business merely runs spreadsheets, office productivity software, and data entry, you&#039;re not going to need an Alienware m18x with its graphics.&lt;br /&gt;A simple and less expensive computer will serve your needs. However, if you are a graphics firm that runs sophisticated programs rich in graphics and with a need for excessive processor speed, you&#039;re going to have to find a computer with the latest components to function. Your computer is a direct reflection of what you as a company are doing.&lt;br /&gt;Know Your Size Limitations&lt;br /&gt;If you have a very small workstation that needs to hold many things, your computer is going to have to be small as well.&lt;br /&gt;A large office or desk can hold bigger machines, too. Always measure the available space you are going to have and size your computer appropriately. &lt;br /&gt;New or Refurbished?&lt;br /&gt;You&#039;ll have the option of shopping for a new computer or a refurbished one.&lt;br /&gt;Refurbished computers are those that have gone back to the factory for a faulty item and been repaired. These can come with warranties just like new computers, but typically cost much less than new ones. If you are wanting to save a little money and have time to do some comparison shopping, a refurbished computer may be better than a new one for your needs.&lt;br /&gt;Upgradeability&lt;br /&gt;You are also going to want to find a computer that has the ability to be upgraded.&lt;br /&gt;Empty RAM memory slots are just one way that later on you can use to upgrade the existing needs of the computer to a beefier system. With the ability to upgrade, instead of having to buy a new computer a few years down the road, you&#039;ll be able to buy just components and swap them out.&lt;br /&gt;Make it Comfortable&lt;br /&gt;If you are going to be spending most of your working hours on the computer, you&#039;re going to want a few things.&lt;br /&gt;Make sure the keyboard is comfortable to use, choose ergonomic ones and have a monitor that is going to give you the best resolution. Reducing the stress and strain on your body from being at the computer is more than just a comfy office chair, you&#039;ll need a quick refresh rate on that monitor, a keyboard that isn&#039;t compact and hard to type on, as well as a resolution that will display as much data as you need.&lt;br /&gt;Picking out the right computer for your business doesn&#039;t have to be complicated when you know these helpful tips from the beginning. Going down to the big box stores and just taking one off the shelf that meets your price point isn&#039;t going to be the right system for your business.&lt;br /&gt;Choose wisely and it will be a purchase that will last your company longer.&lt;br /&gt;Article source: <a href="http://www.hostreview.com/blog/130329-5-tips-for-buying-office-computers#ixzz2P6BLp34m" class="urlextern" title="http://www.hostreview.com/blog/130329-5-tips-for-buying-office-computers#ixzz2P6BLp34m"  rel="nofollow">http://www.hostreview.com/blog/130329-5-tips-for-buying-office-computers#ixzz2P6BLp34m</a>&lt;br /&gt;<a href="http://calculatoaresh.webs.com" class="urlextern" title="http://calculatoaresh.webs.com"  rel="nofollow">Calculatoare sh</a>
</p>
