
<p>
&lt;br /&gt;Before I got my  brand-new iPhone 5 I had not upgraded my phone since the iPhone 3! I was so  surprised by the changes that I couldn&#039;t seem to put my  brand-new device down! I still, however, did not know  exactly what to do with my old iPhone. While it was still in working condition, it did not hold a candle to my new phone. I could not find a company who buys used  mobile phones so I searched on my  brand-new iPhone to see where I could sell my used cell phone. I was  shocked by  the amount of different  websites offer to sell your old phone. While I had seen a few commercials that  promote companies that sell phones, there were literally hundred of  choices for me to choose from.&lt;br /&gt; Since I had an old iPhone, I was eligible for an iPhone trade in where I would get a new  variation for the older but I enjoyed the one I  currently had and  determined to  just sell my phone for cash. One of my friends told me that they  gotten less than $ 50 for their phone. While I had a smartphone, I assumed I would not get a  great deal of money for my iPhone because it was an older generation. I did not  anticipate to earn very much but I was proven wrong. With the money I got, I could  pay for a night out and a new shirt from the <a href="http://www.raypharma.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.raypharma.com"  rel="nofollow">http://www.raypharma.com</a> thrift store!&lt;br /&gt;Many of the  business that are buying old cell phones also recycle cell phones for cash! This means that you will not only get  cash for your phone but you will also be doing something good for the environment. Many of the materials that make  cellular phone are finite. This means that if you sell your phone for money you  could also help keep the  planet clean.  Lots of companies also donate your old phone to a non-profit organization. Some U.S. soldiers are  provided cell phones while actively serving in order to  call their family. Other  businesses also give to used phones  individuals in developing countries so they may  speak with their  friends and family.&lt;br /&gt;All in all,  lots of people benefit when you sell your used cell phone. While you may just be thinking about earning money to afford your new  mobile phone bill or a  brand-new shirt, it  benefits the environment  due to the fact that  lots of companies recycle old cell phones. Some also donate or sell used cell phones to U.S. soldiers or those in developing countries. This means many who would not  have the ability to afford a phone can contact their  friend and family without having to make a huge  financial investment. It  could not seem like a  significant deal but it  could mean the world to someone else. The next time you  buy a new phone, remember that you can sell your used phone and help out the  planet as well as your fellow man. Who knew you  might do so much good by buying the  brand-new iPhone and selling your old one?
</p>
