
<p>
Satellite direct review-Okay, I bought this product myself and I was EXTREMELY skeptical that it was not going to work, that the quality would be lousy, or anything else that could go wrong… would. But, I was pleasantly proved otherwise.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;I didn&#039;t personally know anybody that purchased the product, so I took the chance. Here is what the product promises upon purchasing:&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;<strong>No Subscriptions or Monthly Fees&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;</strong>No Bandwidth Limits&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;<strong>You get 24/7 Unlimited Access&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;</strong>No Hardware to Install&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;<strong>You get Auto-Channel Updates&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;</strong>You get over 3,500 Channels from all countries across the world&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;3,500 Channels. That was mind-boggling to me. I really didn&#039;t believe any of this. So I went ahead and purchased this. I got EXACTLY what was promised. No joke, the download was quick and simple. With everything accounted for, it took a couple of minutes to download… and that was it!I truly think it&#039;s amazing how far we have come with technology these days. Prior to purchasing this, I was paying about $120 per month for satellite service, and that did have any premium movie channels included.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;I can remember times of good old cable and just how fascinating that was. Now, times have changed. Satellite companies are banking on the average consumer, averaging well over $100 plus dollars a month. It&#039;s quite ridiculous.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Not only have times changed, prices have right along with it. It seems the cost of everything has increased over the years.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;With the economy the way it is, and going through tough times, EVERY penny I can save counts. Erasing $120 per month for satellite service is wonderful to say the least. Score one for the consumers and user of <a href="http://satellitedirectreviewsy.com" class="urlextern" title="http://satellitedirectreviewsy.com"  rel="nofollow">Satellite Direct</a>!&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;All in All, as skeptical as I am about things, I think paying $49.95 one time is well worth it compared to paying monthly for satellite service. And, who are we kidding? Satellite services are NOT cheap!
</p>
